[DOCS-3] Set up a changelog system in External Product Documentation (#20)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: Changelog_Template.md

This is the template file for changelogs. See the following
[Confluence page](https://zombie.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2040136662/Create+Changelog+Entries) for the detailed procedure.

TLDR, the following template includes _sample_ entries that you can modify/include
in the `content/en/Changelog/_index.md` file.

1. If you're including API changes, find the version

> 1. Substitute existing changes in each category.
>    1. If there are no changes in a category, delete the title (such as ### Added).
> 1. Create a new branch.
> 1. Insert the changes in the `content/en/Changelog/_index.md` file, just before the next oldest changelog entry.

Reviewer: Here, I'd start with creating a branch so that I could copy and edit the template directly on that branch. So this could become something like:

```suggestion
1. Create a branch and insert the new changes in the `content/en/Changelog/_index.md` file, just before the next oldest changelog entry. Use the template below to guide you:

    1. Substitute existing changes in each category.
    1. If there are no changes in a category, remove the category.
```

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create a new branch.
1. Insert new changes in the content/en/Changelog/_index.md file, just before the next oldest changelog entry.
1. Substitute existing changes in each category.
   1. If there are no changes in a category, remove it by deleting the title.
```

> 1. Create a PR.
> 1. Assign the PR **review** to a member of the [External Product Documentation]() team. If none are available, 

Reviewer: The last step seems to be incomplete as the link doesn't have a target and the last sentence is unfinished.

I would also suggest merging these two steps together to shorten the list of instructions. At first sight, the procedure will seem easier to follow. :slightly_smiling_face:

```suggestion
1. Create a PR and assign the **review** to a member of the [External Product Documentation]() team. If none are available, [...]
```

## 2022-12-25: [API Version major.minor.patch]

### Added

- Some icon tooltip to the \<name the menu> menu.

> - Another tooltop defining \<something important>.

Reviewer: Small typo:

```suggestion
- Another tooltip defining \<something important>.
```
